Add method resetData for ability to reset collection without deleting configured scenarios (#127)
lmc-eu/matej-client-php: README.md

var_dump($response->isSuccessful()); // true on success
```

### Reset data

Data (users and items) of test accounts (those ending with `-test`) could be reset via the API.

> Using this you can delete all data without database setup (item properties, scenarios).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this you can delete all data while keeping database setup (item properties, scenarios).
```
